AST-3079 - fix: Related post title font size not working in mobile & tablet. (#5071)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v4.1.1

> - Fix: Related Post Title Font Size Not Working in Responsive mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Single Post - Related Post Title Font Size is not working for responsive devices.
```
